[16.0][ADD] crm referred by categorized (#591)
OCA/crm: crm_referred/readme/CONTEXT.md

> This module was developed because field referred by from Odoo Core is a char field and salesperson can write anything, then leads/opportunities cannot be categorised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module was developed because field *Referred by* from Odoo Core is a char field and salesperson can write anything, then leads/opportunities cannot be categorised.
```

> With this module you can categorised leads/opportunities according to referred by.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this module you can categorised leads/opportunities according to referrer.
```
